README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Wiqiro</h1>
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/wiqiro-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/william-imbert-52966526a/">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/William Imbert-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/>
  </a>
</div>

<br>
<h3 align="center">Welcome to my Github profile !</h3>
<br>
My name is William and I'm studying computer engineering at UTBM in France.

## Here are some of the projects I've been working on

### [🍉 PL$tek project](https://github.com/PLStek)

<a href="https://github.com/PLStek">
  <img src="https://github.com/Wiqiro/Wiqiro/assets/85551152/b9327fb9-fb6b-4050-8bd8-1e6159a0176c" align="right" height="80">
</a>

PL$tek is a discord-based group created to help common core student at UTBM.
As a member of the project, I was in charge of developping a new website to **centralize learning resources.**
The app was initially built with Angular and FastAPI, and later redesigned to meet new requirements, this time as a single **full-stack Next.js project**.

<br>



### [🤖 Simplified AI model trainer](https://github.com/DE50-AI-Training)

<a href="https://github.com/DE50-AI-Training">
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/42d8d282-0d91-4fe0-a997-8d80bd276bed" align="right" height="80">
</a>

This project was developed during my final semester at UTBM. It is a web app designed to **let non-developers easily create and train simple AI models**.
Users can import their own datasets, configure a Multi-Layer Perceptron model for classification or regression tasks, and then use the model to make predictions on new inputs.

The project was carried out in an agile team of five students, where I served as **Scrum Master** and **developer**. As a developer, I worked on the API connecting to the training service, as well as the frontend.

<br>

### 🎓 Course projects at UTBM
|Project|Description|Course|Year|
|---|---|---|---|
| [**Hardware sales website**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/WE4E-Project-Hardware-Sales) | Basic PHP hardware sales website | [**WE4A**](# "Technologie et programmation Web") | 2023 |
| [**IOT environment simulator**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/TD-AP4A) | Simple IOT environment simulator in C++ | [**AP4A**](# "Programmation Orientée Objet: Concepts fondamentaux et mise en pratique avec le langage C++") | 2023 |
| [**Rebrickable analysis**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/Rebrickable-analysis) | Analysis of the Rebrickable dataset to extract interesting facts about Lego sets and parts in R | [**Data prog.**](# "Data programming with R") | 2023 |
| [**Mail analyzer**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/LP25-Project-Mail-Analyzer) | Multi-threaded email analyzer in C, using the Map-Reduce model | [**LP25**](# "Système d'exploitation Linux et programmation système en langage C") | 2023 |
| [**Automated shutter**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/IF3B-Project-Automated-Shutter) | Automated shutter, using esp32 boards and controlled using the Arduino framework along with Node-Red | [**IF3B**](# "Informatique pratique") | 2023 |
| [**Genetic algorithms**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/LO21-Project) | Simplified version of genetic algorithms, used to solve optimization problems, along with a detailed report in french and an implementation in C language. | [**LO21**](# "Algorithmique et programmation : niveau II") | 2022 |
| [**BeerAdvisor**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/IF3E-Project-BeerAdvisor) | Beer review website made in php and using SQL Database | [**IF3E**](# "Introducting to databases") | 2022 |
| [**ReallyBadChess**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/IF2-Project-ReallyBadChess) | Chess game with customizable grid size and random pieces, as my first school project. Made in C language.| [**IF2**](# "Algorithmique et programmation : niveau I") | 2022 |

### 🖥 Some of my personal projects

|Project|Description|Status|
|---|---|:---:|
| [**HyTracker**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/HyTracker) | A Hypixel stats tracking app written in flutter |⋯|
| [**TicTacToe**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/TicTacToe-SDL) | Implementation of the TicTacToe game in C, using SDL for the graphics. I also implemented the minimax algotithm, so it is impossible to win !|✔|
| [**Pentris**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/Pentris) | My original idea was to make a Tetris inspired "game" with polynomios falling from both sides, to experiment with the SDL library in C. I quickly stopped working on it, as I wanted to try other ideas. |✖|
| [**Polyhexes**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/polyhexes) | This project is similar to [**Pentris**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/Pentris), but with hexagons instead of squares. The main goal was to make clean hexagons using OpenGL. |✖|
| [**Snake**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/SDL-snake) | Speed-coded snake game in C++ and SDL (joke) |✔|
| [**Checkers**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/Checkers) | Checkers game as my first C project |✔|

Commit message:

Update README with project descriptions and emojis

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Wiqiro</h1>
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/wiqiro-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/william-imbert-52966526a/">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/William Imbert-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/>
  </a>
</div>

<br>
<h3 align="center">Welcome to my Github profile !</h3>
<br>
My name is William and I'm studying computer engineering at UTBM in France.

## Here are some of the projects I've been working on 💁‍♂️

### [🍉 PL$tek project](https://github.com/PLStek)

<a href="https://github.com/PLStek">
  <img src="https://github.com/Wiqiro/Wiqiro/assets/85551152/b9327fb9-fb6b-4050-8bd8-1e6159a0176c" align="right" height="80">
</a>

PL$tek is a discord-based group created to help common core student at UTBM.
As a member of the project, I was in charge of developping a new website to **centralize learning resources.**
The app was initially built with Angular and FastAPI, and later redesigned to meet new requirements, this time as a single **full-stack Next.js project**.

<br>



### [🤖 Simplified AI model trainer](https://github.com/DE50-AI-Training)

<a href="https://github.com/DE50-AI-Training">
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/42d8d282-0d91-4fe0-a997-8d80bd276bed" align="right" height="80">
</a>

This project was developed during my final semester at UTBM. It is a web app designed to **let non-developers easily create and train simple AI models**.
Users can import their own datasets, configure a Multi-Layer Perceptron model for classification or regression tasks, and then use the model to make predictions on new inputs.

The project was carried out in an agile team of five students, where I served as **Scrum Master** and **developer**. As a developer, I worked on the API connecting to the training service, as well as the frontend.

<br>

### 🎓 Course projects at UTBM
|Project|Description|Course|Year|
|---|---|---|---|
| [**Optimization algorithms**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/IT45-optimization-algorithms) | Solving [TSP](# "Travelling salesman problem") with three different [algorithms](# 'Little, Tabu search, Genetic algorithm') | [**IT45**](# "Optimisation et recherche opérationnelle") | 2024 |
| [**Cologestion**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/SY43-cologestion) | A mobile application designed to help manage shared housing | [**SY43**](# "Android development") | 2024 |
| [**Simple C messaging server**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/SY40-messaging-server) | Aims at building the simplest possible messaging server in C | [**SY40**](# "Principe des systèmes d'exploitation et programmation système sous Linux") | 2024 |
| [**Hardware sales website**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/WE4E-Project-Hardware-Sales) | Basic PHP hardware sales website | [**WE4A**](# "Technologie et programmation Web") | 2023 |
| [**IOT environment simulator**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/TD-AP4A) | Simple IOT environment simulator in C++ | [**AP4A**](# "Programmation Orientée Objet: Concepts fondamentaux et mise en pratique avec le langage C++") | 2023 |
| [**Rebrickable analysis**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/Rebrickable-analysis) | Analysis of the Rebrickable dataset to extract interesting facts about Lego sets and parts in R | [**Data prog.**](# "Data programming with R") | 2023 |
| [**Mail analyzer**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/LP25-Project-Mail-Analyzer) | Multi-threaded email analyzer in C, using the Map-Reduce model | [**LP25**](# "Système d'exploitation Linux et programmation système en langage C") | 2023 |
| [**Automated shutter**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/IF3B-Project-Automated-Shutter) | Automated shutter, using esp32 boards and controlled using the Arduino framework along with Node-Red | [**IF3B**](# "Informatique pratique") | 2023 |
| [**Genetic algorithms**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/LO21-Project) | Simplified version of genetic algorithms, used to solve optimization problems, along with a detailed report in french and an implementation in C language. | [**LO21**](# "Algorithmique et programmation : niveau II") | 2022 |
| [**BeerAdvisor**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/IF3E-Project-BeerAdvisor) | Beer review website made in php and using SQL Database | [**IF3E**](# "Introducting to databases") | 2022 |
| [**ReallyBadChess**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/IF2-Project-ReallyBadChess) | Chess game with customizable grid size and random pieces, as my first school project. Made in C language.| [**IF2**](# "Algorithmique et programmation : niveau I") | 2022 |

### 💁‍♂️ My other personal projects

|Project|Description|Status|
|---|---|:---:|
| [**HyTracker**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/HyTracker) | A Hypixel stats tracking app written in flutter |⋯|
| [**TicTacToe**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/TicTacToe-SDL) | Implementation of the TicTacToe game in C, using SDL for the graphics. I also implemented the minimax algotithm, so it is impossible to win !|✔|
| [**Pentris**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/Pentris) | My original idea was to make a Tetris inspired "game" with polynomios falling from both sides, to experiment with the SDL library in C. I quickly stopped working on it, as I wanted to try other ideas. |✖|
| [**Polyhexes**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/polyhexes) | This project is similar to [**Pentris**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/Pentris), but with hexagons instead of squares. The main goal was to make clean hexagons using OpenGL. |✖|
| [**Snake**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/SDL-snake) | Speed-coded snake game in C++ and SDL (joke) |✔|
| [**Checkers**](https://github.com/Wiqiro/Checkers) | Checkers game as my first C project |✔|
